Yes Ito Ito d This time it's Ito two Pazdora real situation Chapter 5 part 2
I think I want to do it
Continue to yesterday a
I would like to have challenged five of the two eyes of the advent dungeon Well this time
This time Izanami Izanagi 's super hell will go
Izanagi's 5 remarks
Yoshikore
Good best
There are a lot of that kind of store this price place, and it is 8 top drug pop droid dragon's
a
The you say you I now now the sound was solved one of the modal
Top Doraidoru Dora jerk
Mother achievements pop irregular Dragon of the kind of bother you measures
I'm talking about I mean the other strongest of the other is a do at Yeah strongest Toka also week
Abe This is for the time being
State 25 times
If you can drop just one body, that is enough
First look Oke-I was covered
4 irradiated
here
If you were one in the second place, hey hey
Solo score
This 99 Parker was do or following your husband Vic had entered
I wonder if there was a first-time Morsate attack at 2 o'clock
Pull it to the last minute
No, one internal medicine a little Raz 25 times out
Yoshikore
25 times
I's and Do not want such after breakthrough
Push and par
Masu preemptive attack
mother
Stunning mother
Buddhism has been restored and then defeated
We will first Where to go from here is to not pass through
Hey!
Recovery and three times in the prefecture
First of all , drop the side of the water to the side of the darkness
husband
I what I rain rain 25 together because I be in such Nakatani box
4 buildings 4 shistre now of the dangerous live now
Hey you can't lie you're lying already
Naked version
Sakai hippocampus navy 600 by being worth doing
Bad part 2 such defeated how's in a row in which what win catapult win win
I have my parents there is my effect of me
so
Absolute win absolute win
Masu
250,000 yen
Grinded normal Tampa
Nomehame technique
Well if
If Yoshi This Aki Nanami person Re association
If it is okay
Here it stands across in five races 5 races hundreds recovery
It's ok if you can recover just because there was a kick
Sea breeze from now on
Absolute Tsukido absolute activity too
It's super hell so you can't lose it
Chapter 5 resource giant such increased sleep a number of times Chapter 5 win
I'm so Nde do must show an active active a more than ever
I do I do not Chaa without people with Satoshi Pazudora play-by-play
Well , it is my pleasure to show a play that will give everyone courage.
Role translation
Come here here
I place here is important
Than before
I 've left a little strength here, but this time I'll cut it away at once
Scrub with this one pan
Otherwise I will not win here
Learn and people will learn and become stronger
Go you will confident can break through there is a self-confidence by breaking through in this
Voice this
Go Absolutely No socket say we go we go'll Yoshi go good
Anyone This is me new moon was asked to asked to got go go go a good good listen
wait
I like feeling that this guy was not so strongly what
And the darkness of our weakness
To keep up with keep up with light
It is likely to be lost in life, but I 'll wait for a while now, but it seems to be a bit troublesome person without facing
It was like this guy
I'm changing the light, but I'm just happy about it
It is the other party that it is cut and it is still dark attribute
But how about this
Do you break through ?
Ee' No Ted attack force Tsu not that sort of need
I like the
a
Emaji or serious car
Hard 3rd and part 3 is Kato
Oh aho
Business cards too sweet , but the audience too messy talk
Oh
There are only 24 minutes left because I cut a hurry der Tomo 30 minutes in a hurry in the other room next what wins
a This 24 minutes a year wins a 3 more after 2 colors print Takatsu
Thank you very much
Thank you for part 2 We will post again tomorrow part 3 also watch
Nice to meet you, then everyone goodbye
Everybody